How have you been these past few years?
How is your brother-in-law treating you?
Pretty good.
Sister, why are you hurt?
Who hit you?
No one hits me, I can't see
Shen crow
Kiss me and listen to me explain
Sister Shen Yan
No wonder you always say that the god crow was framed
You two are already sick
Help me, you misunderstood.
Help me, why are you still here?
Mom, I promise you to meet Lu Tianhao
Let's walk.
Shen Crow, if you cause me to pursue you one after another.
I'll blame you today, that's enough
Huo Yikun
You don't forget the crow and the feeding detective tutorial
Hahahaha
Sister, I'm afraid you don't know why Wei Heng
Call him Lord Shen